[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 2: We got two more.
>> Jon: Cool.
>> Speaker 2: www.tauck.com.
>> Jon: Okay, so again,
gonna go back here, do an audit.
Stop, do a very fresh audit.
I really only use the audit present
state if it's a single page app,
like if it's something I've had open for
a while and I've been running and
I kind of want to know about.
Otherwise, I'd really prefer
the like cache free restart,
just kind of get that experience of
hitting the site for the first time.
We are stuck on something here.
Some resource.
>> Jon: Come on.
>> Jon: It's still loading something.
I'm not sure what it is.
We'll find out soon enough, though.
>> Jon: It looks complete to me,
I would ship it.
I would and
maybe something's missing here.
I don't know.
It's still loading up here.
Stuff is coming down though,
it was at 133 a minute ago.
Just another second, I hope more stuff.
Okay, so one thing that's going
on here is stuff that is blocking
that is obviously not required for
the site.
And it's really taking quite a while.
>> Speaker 3: Can you go
to the network tab and
see how many requests are still pending?
>> Jon: Yeah, but the only problem
is I'll have to re-refresh it.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
you can write down for me too?
>> Jon: But yeah,
I'll go ahead and do that just so
we can kind of see what's going on.
>> Speaker 3: It might just be like-
>> Jon: See that one went real fast.
>> Speaker 3: [CROSSTALK] Server?
>> Jon: I wonder what's going on there?
Okay, so from the network tab,
I kind of wanted to take
a look at size first and see.
Yeah, so we've got some stuff like this.
We've got someone to CDN, which is good,
but this CSS files is pretty big.
There's a couple of things that
are over 100 kilobytes here.
The total size coming
down is actually not bad.
I do want to do that audit just
to see what's going on there.
But I also kind of wanted to check out.
Okay, so
here's the point where the refresh starts.
So the first stuff that loads in it's
pretty blank you've got your search in
the register button.
So here's, yeah these are things
that can be problematic, right?
So we've got stuff floating in
that's kind of out of order.
You don't have a logo.
You don't have any text
to greet the user yet.
So if the user's on a slow connection,
for example,
if we go to, where am I at,
just gotta close the screenshots.
It's no throttling.
So if we're like on a good 3G
connection here and I refresh the page,
I'm going to be like as it loads,
see I'm stuck for
a little while with not
much to be able to do.
Does that makes sense?
You can really see it if I was
on a regular 2G connection here.
I refreshed here,
after it goes white,there's going to
be a period of time where
I'm getting style stuff,
I'm getting that green bar, but I don't
have any content that I can play with.
It's a little bit of a hard fix sometimes,
because it's actually about
the order that your markup is in.
So here,
I've got nothing that I can do yet.
It's just styles filling in.
I'm assuming web fonts,
web fonts are like, man web fonts.
They're just part of our
performance nightmare.
And, I forget what it was,
there's something,
I'm trying to remember what it is now.
I wish I remembered,
there's a talk at Google iO about
it where it downloads a web font.
And then it does stuff
in a crazy order like.
Basically, it grabs the whole web font and
loads it in and then it like parses
through the document, parses the CSS to
see if it needs to be used on them,applies
it later after the factors of why
you get like this flash here.
Web fonts are tough, but
if you that that's your design,
that's your design totally.
So yeah, so I guess one thing
though that I got off track.
One thing that I wanted
to talk about was just,
we have a good period of time
where the site is not usable.
So it'd be really nice to
change some of this ordering
with the actual markup that comes down.
I would really love to see the navigation
and some forums show up right away.
So you can at least feel like, I'm here.
And then like especially
it's a little bit tricky to,
this text would be nice to
send down earlier if you can.
This is all an image but it is just nice
to have if the page is loading really
slow, give these or
something to do whether it's now,
where they can click on or
like an intro text they can read.
>> Speaker 3: I remember with those
sliders, back in 2005 what we did
was paint the background black and
drop in some type of topography or font.
It didn't look great, but it was at least,
you knew exactly what you what was
going to come, and then you know
image loaded and- Yeah totally.
Later.
[CROSSTALK] You kinda trick,
at least show something [CROSSTALK]
>> Jon: I think that's a little thing I
think so.
The thing you're trying to prevent most
of all these people is leaving your
page, right?
That's the reason you worry about slow
performance on page load is because you
don't want people to go, I don't want
this, and hit back, or whatever.
So the sooner you engage with them,
we're you're like, Welcome.
Buy shoes, or
whatever it is that your site is doing,
I think the better that
experience is going to be.
I'm gonna try an audit.
Here the audit loaded.
Nothing all that bad.
So, okay.
So here's the thing.
This file I remember from back over here,
I believe, as being,
let me see where I'm at here.
I could be wrong.
I think I was wrong.
All right,
well I thought it was the biggest file.
It's not the biggest.
No, it is.
What am I doing?
Yes, okay.
So this file here, component CSS,
is not only the largest file.
But then when I go over to the Audit tab,
it says that it's 92%
unused by the current page.
So to me,
I think there's a real big win here.
And I am sure some of the cells
are using on other pages.
But I would imagine some of them,
you're not.
>> Speaker 3: Especially
on a highly used page.
>> Jon: Yeah, so again,
if you have in this scenario,
if you do need all those styles
like your app is really complex.
Here's a situation where I'd recommend
breaking it up into two files.
So you'd have init.CSS, or boot,CSS.
Which would literally just be
able to paint that home screen.
And then later, after it load in
all the rest of the CSS for stuff.
Just because that first
network doesn't fly down.
You can see the page and
then load the rest of the stuff in.
So that's probably my biggest
one that I've seen here so far.
And we can do a Timeline Record to
mess around, hover around some things.
>> Speaker 4: It's 27,000
lines long if you it.
>> Jon: Yeah, I could tell by
the size that it was pretty big.
I'm assuming it's a bundle and I'm
assuming there CSS frameworks in there.
Yeah, it's okay.
We have two memory leaks here.
Okay, so this there's actually
not a lot of work being done.
It's nice the site's resting pretty well.
There's a little bit of render jink
happening and it looks like it's blaming.
I don't know what this is, C C E T R K,
I'm assuming it's like analytics ads
testing one of those kind of libraries.
So again,
I'm not sure what this product is but
this is causing a little bit of page jank,
probably wouldn't worry about it.
I do see not a ton but look at
this,this jigsaw here of the JS heap
is definitely leaking some memory
especially on a page that's pretty static.
So I'd compare some snapshots and
see what's adding all that
JS heap memory there.